BD-3441: Clarify how Braze evaluates users in Target Audiences first then confirms entry criteria (#10113)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/target_audiences.md

{% alert important %}

> Only the users who match your defined criteria in the **Target Audiences** step can be eligible to receive your campaign, meaning Braze evaluates the target audience first then confirms if they've triggered the entry criteria specified in the **Schedule Delivery** step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Your message will only send to users who already match the conditions you set in the **Target Audience** step. After that, they still need to meet the trigger you define in the **Schedule Delivery** step. Think of the target audience as a waiting room—only people already inside can move forward when the next action happens. 
```

Reviewer: Suggestion to make this callout a little more digestible and user-oriented!
